README.md, before:

# [seanhofer.com](https://seanhofer.com)

![seanhofer.com](/assets/images/mysite.jpg)

This is the repo for my personal professional site, available at https://seanhofer.com. It's hosted on GitHub Pages, but built and deployed via a custom GitHub Action that allows me to include custom plugins disallowed by GitHub Pages. My DNS services are handled by Cloudflare and my domain is from Google Domains.

It's made with Jekyll and Sass, and it uses [jekyll-replace-last](https://github.com/hofers/jekyll-replace-last), a simple Jekyll plugin I made to mimic Liquid's `replace-first` filter for the last occurrence of a substring within a string. I use this to automatically prevent [runts](https://indesignsecrets.com/3-ways-to-fix-runts-in-your-text.php) in some text tags by replacing the final space with a non-breaking space.

I use Mozilla's [PDF.js](https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/) for PDF embedding.

My Jekyll source code can be found on the [`jekyll`](https://github.com/hofers/hofers.github.io/tree/jekyll) branch, and my compiled static site can be found on the [`master`](https://github.com/hofers/hofers.github.io/tree/master) branch.

Commit message:

update readme with jekyll-uglify mention

README.md, after:

# [seanhofer.com](https://seanhofer.com)

![seanhofer.com](/assets/images/mysite.jpg)

This is the repo for my personal professional site, available at https://seanhofer.com. It's hosted on GitHub Pages, but built and deployed via a custom GitHub Action that allows me to include custom plugins disallowed by GitHub Pages. My DNS services are handled by Cloudflare and my domain is from Google Domains.

It's made with Jekyll and Sass, and it uses [jekyll-replace-last](https://github.com/hofers/jekyll-replace-last) and [jekyll-uglify](https://github.com/hofers/jekyll-uglify), two fairly simple Jekyll plugins I made to wrap Ruby functionality for use in my site and publishing process. Check out their repositories to learn more about each.

I use Mozilla's [PDF.js](https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/) for PDF embedding.

My Jekyll source code can be found on the [`jekyll`](https://github.com/hofers/hofers.github.io/tree/jekyll) branch, and my compiled static site can be found on the [`master`](https://github.com/hofers/hofers.github.io/tree/master) branch.
